so there's a story that came out today
and the headline was that Apple trained
AI models on YouTube content without
consent including MKBHD videos there's
no statement from Apple on this yet but
here's my take the real story is apple
and a whole bunch of other tech
companies are training their AI models
using data that they buy from
third-party data scraping companies some
of which get their data in slightly
illegal ways so one of them pulled tons
of transcript data from thousands of
YouTube videos including Mr Beast videos
and my videos and many more so that
company is a problem and that's going to
be an ongoing evolving problem for many
years and also Apple can technically say
they're not at fault for this but
they're going to keep getting data from
companies like this so that's also
something they need to vet but the
double Emmy is I actually pay for more
accurate manual transcriptions on every
video that we put out so that people who
are hearing impaired don't have autoc
captions which suck so that means the
stolen transcriptions specifically are
paid content that's being stolen more
than once